pkgbuilds.git - README - 07/29/2012
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
This git repository hosts PKGBUILDs that have been modified from the upstream
Arch Linux (http://archlinux.org) release in order to build on architectures
supported by Arch Linux ARM.  Unmodified upstream packages do not belong here.

The aur folder contains a small selection of packages that have been requested
by the community to be pre-compiled and easily installed.  However, you're free
to use the AUR just as you would on Arch, and we have included Yaourt to compile
and install directly from AUR (yaourt -AS packagename).

The alarm folder contains packages we have created or that have been submitted
to us to enable functionality on ARM systems in use by the community.  These are
packages that are not available in either upstream or AUR.

These packages are meant to be built on Arch Linux ARM, found at
http://archlinuxarm.org

Layout:
  core, extra, community: These folders contain packages only found in the
    upstream repositories by the same name.  Exceptions are packages such as our
    kernels or other packages we feel belong within the scope of these repos.
  aur: Contains packages that come from only from the AUR.
  alarm: Contains packages that are our own, or changed significantly enough
    from upstream or AUR to no longer qualify as being in those respective
    locations here.

New packages should be placed in the correct locations, with the packages base
folder name reflecting the 'pkgname' for single-package PKGBUILDs, or 'pkgbase'
for multiple-package PKGBUILDs.  In the case of non-alarm packages, naming should
exactly match the base folder or package name as used upstream or in the AUR,
respectively.  This will ensure correct package->version matching in the build
system update routines.

PKGBUILDs modified from upstream, AUR, or custom PKGBUILDs for the alarm repo
must have the author's name and email in the header along with a changelog of
what modifications have been done to have the package build correctly.  This
allows us to identify and merge these changes into newer versions of the package.

Custom PKGBUILD variables for the build system:
  noautobuild - if non-zero, the build system will mark the package as done and
    not build it for any architecture.
  buildarch - a bitmask of architectures to build the package for.  This must be
    set to the decimal equivalent of the bitmask (the number in parenthesis).  If
    left unspecified, it will default to 1 and build for v5 and v7h.
    Sub-architectures must be specifically requested, they won't build by default.
    - 0000 0001 ( 1) = the default, package will be built for all architectures
    - 0000 0010 ( 2) = the package will be built only for armv5
    - 0000 0100 ( 4) = the package will be built only for armv7h
    - 0000 1000 ( 8) = reserved
    - 0001 0000 (16) = the package will be build only for armv6h
  highmem - if non-zero, the build system will mark the package as requiring a
    builder that has more than 1GB of RAM/swap to build successfully.
